Clarify NOx units handling (#467)
PCMDI/input4MIPs_CVs: docs/dataset-overviews/open-biomass-burning-emissions.md

  GFDL chose to use the distributions recommended by Table 4 in [Dentener et al. (2006)](https://doi.org/10.5194/acp-6-4321-2006) for their CMIP5 and CMIP6 simulations.

Molecular weights for all species are listed in the following table:
Note that NO<sub>x</sub> has different units in historical anthropogenic vs open burning data

> (the units are the same in the scenario data, historical open burning data is the odd one out).

Author: ```suggestion
Note that NO<sub>x</sub> has different units in historical anthropogenic vs open burning data.
However, in the scenario data, open burning and anthropogenic emissions both have the same units.
```
